1:-What is Spring Framework? 
Ans:-It is a loosely coupled and integrated framework for developing java applications smoothly.

2:-What are the advantages of Spring Framework?
Ans:-a:(Predefined Templates)--Spring framework provides templates for JDBC, Hibernate, JPA etc. technologies. So there is no need to write too much code.
       It hides the basic steps of these technologies.
     b:(Loose coupling)--The Spring applications are loosely coupled because of dependency injection.
     c:(Easy to test)--The Dependency Injection makes easier to test the application. 
       The Struts application require server to run the application but Spring framework doesn't require server.
     d:(Lightweight)--Spring framework is lightweight because of its POJO implementation.
       The Spring Framework doesn't force the programmer to inherit any class or implement any interface.
       That is why it is said non-invasive.
    e:(Fast Development)--The Dependency Injection feature of Spring Framework and it support to various frameworks makes the easy development of Java application.
4:-What is Dependancy injection in spring?
Ans:-this allows for loose coupling of objects and moves the responsibility of managing objects onto the container(IOC).

5:-What are modules in Spring Framework? 
Ans:-Test
     Spring Core Container
     AOP, Aspects and Instrumentation
     Data Access/Integration
     Web

6:-What is IOC and DI?
Ans:-IOC (Inversion of Control) and DI (Dependency Injection) is a design pattern to provide loose coupling. It removes the dependency from the program.

7:-What is the role of IOC container in spring?
Ans:-The IoC container is responsible to create, configure and assemble the objects. The IoC container gets informations from the XML file and works accordingly. 

8:-What are the types of IOC container in spring?
Ans:-BeanFactory
     ApplicationContext

9:What is the Difference between BeanFactory and the ApplicationContext?
Ans:-The main difference is ApplicationContext It adds some extra functionality than BeanFactory such as simple integration with Spring's AOP,application layer specific context (e.g. WebApplicationContext) for web application. 
     So it is better to use ApplicationContext than BeanFactory.
     ApplicationContext context = new ClassPathXmlApplicationContext("applicationContext.xml");  

10:-What is Spring AOP? 
Ans:-AOP (aspect-oriented programming) is a programming style that enables your application to be adaptable to changes such as logging,auditing,transactions,security,caching etc.

11:-What is bean.xml? 
Ans:-A bean is an object that is created, assembled, and managed by a Spring IoC container.

12:-What is mean by Pojo? 
Ans:-POJO in Java stands for Plain Old Java Object.
     It is an ordinary object, which is not bound by any special restriction.
     It increases the readability & re-usability of a Java program.
     POJOs are now widely accepted due to their easy maintenance.
     They are easy to read and write. A POJO class does not have any naming convention for properties and methods. 
     It is not tied to any Java Framework; any Java Program can use it.

13:-What is setter injection and constructor injection? 
Ans:-Setter injection in Spring uses setter methods like setDependency() to inject dependency on any bean managed by Spring's IOC container.
     Constructor injection uses the constructor to inject dependency on any Spring-managed bean.

14:-What is the use of xsd in beans.xml file? 
Ans:-It is used to validate the proper tag in a bean.xml file and to track the Schema loaction on internet or local classpath.

15:- Constructor injection with dependent object?
Amns:-If there is HAS-A relationship between the classes, we create the instance of dependent object (contained object) first then pass it as an argument of the main class constructor.

16:Autowiring in Spring?
Ans:-Autowiring feature of spring framework enables you to inject the object dependency implicitly.
     It internally uses setter or constructor injection.
     Autowiring can't be used to inject primitive and string values. It works with reference only.

17:-Advantage of Autowiring?
Ans:-It requires the less code because we don't need to write the code to inject the dependency explicitly.

18:-Disadvantage of Autowiring?
Ans:-No control of programmer,It can't be used for primitive and string values.

19:-Autowiring Modes
Ans:-   There are many autowiring modes:
	no:-It is the default autowiring mode. It means no autowiring bydefault.
	byName:-The byName mode injects the object dependency according to name of the bean. In such case, property name and bean name must be same. It internally calls setter method.
	byType:-The byType mode injects the object dependency according to type. So property name and bean name can be different. It internally calls setter method.
	constructor:-The constructor mode injects the dependency by calling the constructor of the class. It calls the constructor having large number of parameters.

20:-Dependency Injection with Factory Method in Spring?
Ans:-Spring framework provides facility to inject bean using factory method. To do so, we can use two attributes of bean element.
     1:factory-method: represents the factory method that will be invoked to inject the bean.
     2:factory-bean: represents the reference of the bean by which factory method will be invoked. It is used if factory method is non-static.
     A method that returns instance of a class is called factory method.
